They unbelievers eternal life in the curse of will not lightened punishment from them unbelievers and not again they unbelievers  reprieved	they unbelievers eternal life in it the not lightened punishment from them unbelievers  and not again they unbelievers  reprieved
Say Muhammad I afraid will doom a great day if I disobeyed My Lord	Say Muhammad I afraid will torment a great daythe last day if I disobeyed My Lord
They the magicians said We the magicians believe unto Jehovah of hosts	they the magicians said We the magicians believe unto Jehovah of hosts
Lord Moses and Aaron	Lord Moses and Aaron
They the unbelievers says When coming threat it if indeed ye the righteous	and they the unbelievers said When comes the penalty it if indeed ye the righteous
And behold We God sent Moses with Our Signs God and miracles manifest	And behold We have God sent Moses with Our Signs God  and description manifest
Said Satan o, it then respite me until days man raised	Satan said o it respite me until days they man raised
God spake It verily ye Satan  including the reprieved	God spake it verily ye Satan including the reprieved
until days a time defined	until to day defined time Day
except that servants God that sincere among them man	except thy servants that sincere God among them Man
Said again Ibrahim Whether doing that important besides o messengers	Ibrahim asked Whether ' o messengers
Look how they make parables wailing because they have gone astray and can no longer find way right	Consider how they make comparison of comparison about you then be seduced them  they were not able to get the way to oppose prophet
Then he studied a other	Then he studied a road another
they say When promise  will come if you is the righteous	And they say When comes the threat of it if you is the righteous
This Is verses The Koran that describe from Allah	This is verses Book Qur'an manifest from Allah
Behold on that is a sign and most of them does not believe	Behold on that really is a sign and but is most of them does not believe
And behold Thy Lord really He The Mighty , Merciful	And behold Thy Lord really He The Mighty , Merciful
They Princes answer in suspense for he and his brother and dispatch to all land who will gather the sorcerers	Princes answered respite matter he and his brother and send to cities of some people to collect the sorcerers
I is an apostle trust sent you	I is an apostle trust sent you
so fear unto God and obey me	so fear unto God and obey me
and I will never ask of you on the invitation is my reward no other only from Lord of hosts	and I will never ask of you on the invitation is my reward no other only from Lord of hosts
they say Behold ye is one of those bewitched	they say Behold ye is one of those bewitched
Then We God destroyed others	Then We God destroyed the
And We God rained them with rain rock then very bad rain upon those who were admonished	And We God rained down over them hail and evil was the shower on those who were admonished
And We have God saved the believe and they believers always righteous	And We God saved the believe and they believers is the righteous
and what our fathers who had earlier will be raised again	what our fathers earlier will also raised
and part them facing to part of the other while talking	and part them facing to part of the other mutual ask the ensnared
But His servants God that clean devoted	but His servants God that cleaned devoted
Behold so We God reward to those who do good	So We God reward to those who do good
Verily he including in between Our servants God  who believe	Verily he including Our servants God who believe
We God left for Ibrahim praise is good among those who come and then	And We God left to Ilyas praise is good among those who come and then
by the book The Koran that explain	by the book The Koran that describe
Book this lowered from God The Mighty Wise	Lowered this Book from God The Mighty Wise
Whether there on their side of the knowledge about the unseen and they wrote it	or is in their knowledge about the unseen and they wrote it what they assign
And behold We have God facilitate Al-Quran for lessons then is there any who take lessons	And behold We have God facilitate The Koran for lessons then is there any who take lessons
how dreadful Penalty and My God and the threat of My threat God	how dreadful Penalty and My God and the threat of My threat God
Then blessings God ye do ye deny	Then blessings God ye do ye deny
and the left who the left	and the left How is misery the left
We have indeed made the Qur'an in Arabic so that you understand him.	Verily We have sent down the Qur'an thee O Muhammad with gradually.
even we become who did not get the results of any	even we barred from obtain the result
Then celebrate the name The Lord Almighty	Then celebrate the name The Lord Almighty
Lowered from Be 'alamiin	It is a revelation from Jehovah of hosts
has celebrate unto God what in heaven and what in earth and He God The Mighty Wise	has celebrate unto God what in heaven and earth and He God The Mighty Wise
When read him Our Signs God he said tales of the ancients those old	that when read him Our Signs God he said tales the first
woe on that day for those who reject	woe on that day for those who reject
them sat on couches looking	them sat on couches looking
in paradise is high	in paradise is high
the magicians said O Moses How dare who will cast the first or we the sorcerers who will throw	after they gathered they the sorcerers said O Moses choose whether ye that cast first or speakest the sorcerers who first threw
and no a verse from verses Lord until unto them but them always turned from him wont	and no come to them a sign from signs signs their Lord but them always turn away rejected from it
o ye people duty unto thy Lord that has created you from alone and from it God create his wife and from on both God twain scattered male and women that many and fear unto God that with used His name God ye ask each one another and keep relationship between the close relationships between us Behold God always keep and watches over you	He God Who created you from themselves that one and from him He God create his wife so that he is happy him Then after about unnoticed his wife conceived womb a lightweight and keep him feel light some time Then when he felt the weight of the both husbands and wives implore unto God His Lord saying Indeed if You God give us children that saleh surely we including the grateful
And behold We God created man from a quintessence coming from  land	That create all something that He God created ideally and start creation man from land
Then We God placed him water mani stored in place that firmly	then We God put him in place that firmly
o man if ye in doubt about resurrection from the grave behold! verily We God has made you from land then from a drop of sperm then from congealed blood then from a lump of meat that perfect occurrence and not perfect so We God explain to you and we God specify in uterus what We God travel until time is specified then We God remove you as baby then with gradually ye came to maturity and in between you no take and therewith in between you that elongated age until mild forgetfulness so that he does not know more nothing that once he knew. 	Then the sperm We God made congealed blood and congealed blood We God made a lump of meat and a lump of meat was We God made bones and bones We God sachet with flesh Then We God made him living that form Then Most that makes God Creator Best
and in between His signs God is He God create you wives from type own so that you tend to and feel quiet him and made him God between compassion and compassion Behold on that really are signs for the who think	God make for you wives from type of you own and make you from wives you children and grandchildren and your sustenance from good. Then why they believe to confound and reject the favors of Allah
And remember when We God said to the angels Adore ye angel to Adam and they bowed down angel except Satan he Satan reluctant and haughtiness and is it Satan including the the unbelievers	Behold We God has created you Adam and We God form of body then We God say to the angels Adore ye angel to Adam they angel prostrate except Satan He Satan not including them who prostrate
and adore the angels all together	and all the angels prostrate all
except Satan He refused joined the same angel that bow was	except Satan he Satan arrogant and is he Satan including the unbelievers
And remember when We said to the angels Adore ye to Adam and they bowed down except Satan He is from the jinns he disobeyed the commandments His Lord. should you take him and derivative as the leader of the besides from Me while they is thine enemies? Evil Satan as a replacement from Allah for those who do wrong	And remember when We say unto the angel Adore ye to Adam then they bowed except Satan He rebelled
unto Allah belongeth the kingdom heaven and earth and God Mighty top all something	Unto Allah belongeth the what in heaven and what in earth and is knowledge God Encompasses all something
Unto Allah belongeth the kingdom heaven and earth and what is therein and He Almighty top all something	That have kingdom heaven and earth and God is Witness all something
He God  that create heaven and earth in six time Then He God sitteth above Throne He God know what enters into earth and what out therefrom and what down from heaven and what up to Him God And He God with you anywhere ye are and God Sees what ye do	Behold God ye is God that has created heaven and earth in six time, and He God sitteth above Throne He God wraps night to lunch that followed quickly and He created the God sun months and stars each subject to His command God Remember create and ruled only rights God Holy of Holies God Lord of hosts
Behold God ye is God That create heaven and earth in six time then He God sitteth above Throne to set all affairs No one will judge the intercession except after His permission. Bedouin that is God, God ye, then worship Him God. will ye not then take lessons	And He God  that create heaven and earth in six time, and is thrones Him God before above water, so that he God test who among you that better deed, and if ye say unto the inhabitants of Mecca ye will be resurrected after die it the unbelievers will say Is no other only sorcery manifest
.	it is Allah that create heaven and earth and what which is in between both in six time, then He God sitteth above Throne.No for you besides from him the God  a no helper and not again a warner intercession. will ye not then Note
it is Allah that create heaven and earth and what which is in between both in six time, then He God sitteth above Throne.No for you besides from him the God  a no helper and not again a warner intercession. will ye not then Note	And behold We have God created heaven and earth and what that exist between both in six time and we God worthless overwritten exhaustion
and He is the Lord that spread earth and make mountains of and the rivers it. and make it all fruits pairs: God wraps night to lunch. Behold on that there signs for the who think.	And We God has spread earth and make it mountains of and we God grow it all something according to the size of the
and he smite mountains of in earth that the earth was not shaken with you and He created rivers and streets of so that you guided	and we have set in this earth mountains of firm that earth not shaken with them and have We made again in the earth streets of widely so that they guided
Lord heaven and earth and what which is in between both The Mighty Forgiving	God who keep heaven and earth and what which is in between both, if ye is who believe
Lord heaven and earth and what in between and Lord places of the rising of the sun	Moses answered God the Creator heaven and earth and what in between both it is thy Lord, if ye the believe Him God
and Holy of Holies Lord who have kingdom heaven and earth and what which is in between both and in his hand is God knowledge about the day of judgment and only unto him the God ye returned	Unto Him belongeth God all in heaven, all that in earth all in between both and all under the ground.
Lord who keep heaven and earth and what which is in between both Most Gracious. them not can speak with Him God.	Lord heaven and earth and what in between and Lord places of the rising of the sun
then We God has given understanding to Sulayman about law more accurately and to each they have We God give wisdom and science and we have God subdued mountains of and the birds all glorify with David. And Ruth God do.	And behold We have God give to David grace from Us God We God said O mountains of and the birds celebrate repeatedly with David and we God has softened iron for him
And He God who breathed wind as a bearer of glad tidings before the coming of the His mercy rain until when wind had brought cloud skies We God defraud to a region desolate and We send down rain in that region then We God Remove with rain various fruits. such We God raised the dead hopefully ye take heed.	He God who breathed wind as the bearer of glad tidings near before the coming of the His mercy rain and we God lower from heaven water that very clean
God He God send wind then the wind moving cloud and God spread it in heaven according to he pleases God and makes it fragments angrily and you see rain out from openings in the slot then when the rain down about His servants God he pleases God suddenly them become happy	And He God who breathed wind as a bearer of glad tidings before the coming of the His mercy rain until when wind had brought cloud skies We God defraud to a region desolate and We send down rain in that region then We God Remove with rain various fruits. such We God raised the dead hopefully ye take heed.
Allah That elevate heaven without pillars as which ye see, then He God sitteth above Throne and subdue sun and moon. each circulate until that time specified. God set all affairs of His creatures explain signs Him that ye believe meeting thy with Thy Lord.	He God create heaven without pillars ye see it and He God Placing mountains of on the surface of the earth so that the earth was not paineth ye and twain scattered it all kinds of animals. And We God lower rain water from heaven then We God grow it all kinds of plants good
He God insert night into lunch and insert lunch into night and subdue sun and moon each walk according to time specified. That Do so that God Thy Lord Unto Him belongeth God kingdom and those ye call worship besides Allah no have nothing although as skin ari	He God create heaven and earth with AIM He God wraps night top lunch and wraps the lunch over night and subdue sun and moon each walk according to time specified Remember He God The Mighty Forgiving
He God create heaven and earth with AIM He God wraps night top lunch and wraps the lunch over night and subdue sun and moon each walk according to time specified Remember He God The Mighty Forgiving	Do you notice that Allah insert night into lunch and insert lunch into night and He God subdued sun and moon each walk until the time specified, and behold God Knows what ye do
and he God create in the earth mountains of firm thereon. He God bless and He God determine it level of the food companions him in four time. Explanation as an answer for those who ask.	And We God spread earth and we God place it mountains of firm and we God grow it all kinds of plants that beautiful strikes the eye,
And We God said O Adam ! Dwell by you and your wife paradise is and eat food-food that many more good where only that you prefer and do not ye near tree is that cause you including the unjust	And God spake O Adam located stay ye  and your wife in paradise and eat ye both fruit anywhere that you prefer and do not ye both approaches tree is which leaves you both including the unjust
Parables provision issued by the spend substance in way God is similar to the a seed that grow seven ears on every grain a hundred pips God enlarge discipline for whom that He God travel and God most widely grace Knower	the spend substance in way God then them not accompany what reminders it with generosity and with no generosity they obtain reward at the side of the their Lord. No worries against them and not again they grieve
who build prayer and regular charity and they sure of hereafter	who build salat regular charity and they sure of hereafter
who build salat and who spend some of sustenance that we give to them	who build prayer and regular charity and they sure of hereafter
and build prayer regular charity and obey to the apostles that ye given mercy	who build salat regular charity and they sure of hereafter
and build salat and give regular charity. and goodness what which ye earn for yourselves, of course you will receive the reward of his on the side of the God. Behold Testing Sees what ye do.	Behold the who believe, working good deeds, build salat and regular charity, they get reward at the side of the His Lord. No worries against them and not again them grieve.
and have patience behold promise God is true and never do not the not certainty the verses of Allah troubled you	Then have patience, because promise God is true, and ask forgiveness for your sins and celebrate praises Thy Lord on the evening and morning.
Then have patience against what they say and celebrate praising Thy Lord before sunrise sun and before sunset him	and persevere in waiting for the statutes Thy Lord verily ye located in the vision we God, and celebrate with praise Thy Lord when ye stand up
Make patient and prayer as steadfastness. And behold that are very serious, except for those who humble'	o the believe make patient and prayer as steadfastness, behold God with the steadfast
Behold the believe and working deeds of righteousness they guided by their Lord because concealed under them flows rivers in paradise bliss	Behold God insert the believe and working deeds into the gardens of Paradise under flows rivers. Behold God do what He God travel.
Behold the believe and charitable giving saleh, for them is paradise dwelling place	Behold the believe and working deeds of righteousness, for them gardens of bliss,
Behold God insert the believer and charitable giving saleh into jannah flowing underneath rivers. and those unbelievers fun in the world and they eat as cattle animals. And hell is living place them.	Behold God insert the believe and working deeds into the gardens of Paradise under flows rivers. Behold God do what He God travel.
Behold God insert the believe and working deeds into the gardens of Paradise under flows rivers. Behold God do what He God travel.	Behold the believe and working deeds of righteousness for them paradise flowing underneath rivers that luck great
Behold the righteous is located in gardens and springs	Behold the righteous in parks and the rivers
Behold the righteous is located in gardens and springs	Behold the righteous located in paradise and enjoyment
o the believe fear ye unto God and say words that really	o the believe duty unto God, and let you with the righteous
o the believe have patience and strengthen the light and in such perseverance and fear unto God that ye lucky	o the believe duty unto God and look for way that draw to HimGod, and strive on his way God that ye may prosper.
Behold the righteous is located in gardens and springs	Behold for the righteous provided gardens of bliss at the side of the His Lord
Behold the says our Lord is God then they establish their stance then angel will down unto them with said Do Not ye fear and do not feel sad and defiance they with jannah who have God promised you	Behold the says our Lord is God then they remain firm then no worries against them and they no again grieve
o ye people eat the lawful again good from what located on earth and do not follow steps Satan because Satan  is an enemy manifest you	o the believe go ye into Islam whole and do not row steps Satan Behold Satan is enemy manifest you
And We God created jin before Adam from fire that very hot	and He God create jin from flame
Who who want lend unto God loans is good spend their wealth in the way of Allah then God will meperlipat replicate payments to him with double fold that many. and God constricts and enlargeth and unto Him The ye returned	Who who want lend unto God loans good, then God will fold the manifold reward the loan for him, and he will get reward that many
or ye have a garden palm trees and wine and gush forth rivers in crevice tool gardens abundant water flowing,	And We God made it gardens palms and wine and we God be transmitted it some springs
and they ask thee to hasten on the punishment, whereas God will never fail in His promise. Behold daily faults Thy Lord is like a thousand years according to your reckoning.	He set affair from heaven to earth, then business was up to Him God in one day whereof the is a thousand years according to your reckoning
God spake What nothing keep thee back to prostrating to Adam in time I God tells you Answer Satan I  better therefrom You God create me Satan from fire is he Adam Then God created from land	Satan said I ibils better therefrom because you Godcreated me Satan from fire while he Adam Thou God created from land
So We God inspired you The Koran in Arabic that ye  warn to ummul Qura the inhabitants of Mecca and population lands round about and warn them about days  gathered Hour that no doubt it. Classified enter paradise and classified enter Hell	Behold We God make The Koran in Arabic that ye understand him
or should say they Muhammad fabricated the. Say if it is true that ye say it, then try strangeness a letter such ornamentation and call who-who which you can dial to make it besides God if ye the righteous	Even they say Muhammad had made the create the Qur'an, Say It, then bring ten letters invented that emulate him and call the that could ye her besides God if ye indeed the righteous
Even they say Muhammad had made the create the Qur'an, Say It, then bring ten letters invented that emulate him and call the that could ye her besides God if ye indeed the righteous	Then let them bring sentence that such as the Qur'an, if them the righteous.
and if you remains in doubt about the Qur'an We God inspired to Our servant God Muhammad make a letter only that such as the Qur'an, and attract helpers steadfastness besides God, if ye the righteous.	Then let them bring sentence that such as the Qur'an, if them the righteous.
and if you remains in doubt about the Qur'an We God inspired to Our servant God Muhammad make a letter only that such as the Qur'an, and attract helpers steadfastness besides God, if ye the righteous.	Behold We God make The Koran in Arabic that ye understand him.
Behold We God demote form of the Qur'an with Arabic so that you understand.	Behold We God down the Koran on night glory.
Whoever a heavy weights good, they are who can prosper.	and now the a heavy weights good, then he is in life satisfactory.
And whoever a lightweight weight, they are the that harm himself, them eternal life in Hellfire.	and now the a lightweight weights good, then place the return is hell Explain.
Remember a day on the day We God Dial each the with leaders and whoever given book practice in his right hand then they will read their book, and they do not persecuted nothing	Now the given books from his right side,
Now the given him books from his right side, then he said Take, read when you come this	Remember a day on the day We God Dial each the with leaders and whoever given book practice in his right hand then they will read their book, and they do not persecuted nothing
Now the given books from his right side,	Now the given him books from his right side, then he said Take, read when you come this
and i Moses sin against them i Moses  afraid they will slay me	Moses said o i Moses  has killed a man from among them i Moses afraid they will slay me.
And remember when We God saved you from Pharaoh and his followers they bring on you torment that bosses, they slaughter your sons and let live your women and the this are tribulations great from Thy Lord	And remember O Children of Israel when We God save you from Pharaoh and his that punish you with a penalty that very evil namely they kill your sons and let live women maids. and the this trials great from Thy Lord
And remember when Moses said unto his Remember blessings God upon you when He God save you from Pharaoh and his followers they persecute you with punishment a grievous penalty they slaughter sons punishments let live your daughters and the so there was trials great from Thy Lord	And remember O Children of Israel when We God save you from Pharaoh and his that punish you with a penalty that very evil namely they kill your sons and let live women maids. and the this trials great from Thy Lord
Say seest me if water sources you become dry who then which will bring water flowing for you	Then seest me about water that ye drink
and those that maintain lewdness	and those who keep lewdness
except against their wives or whom their right hands possess verily they in this case there is no reprehensible.	except against their wives or the slaves that they possess verily they in this case there is no reprehensible.
Whoever search that behind the it they are the transgressors	Whoever search that behind the it they are the transgressors.
And We God enjoined man do goodness to his parents. and if both force you to join I  God with something that no declare about it ye shall not follow both. only to me is God return, then I God tell you what ye do	And We God commanding to man good to his parents mother have been weaning in a weak that multiply-add and attains in two years. Thanks to Me God and to two parents only to mine God return
And We God commanding to man good to his parents mother have been weaning in a weak that multiply-add and attains in two years. Thanks to Me God and to two parents only to mine God return	We God commanding to man that do good to two of his father and mother mother weaning with hard and gendered it with hard again. Weaning until attains is thirty months so when he has adult forty years he prays o grant me to appreciate the Thy favor God that Thou God give me and to my parents and that I can do deeds pleasing You give good me with good to children grandkids. I repent unto Thee God and i including those who surrender
and know that substance and sons was merely a trial and behold at the side of the Allah reward great	Behold substance and sons is merely a trial you and at the side of the Allah reward great
and do not ye near wealth orphans except with how to that more useful until until he adult. and full batches and weights with fair. We not puts no burden to someone but it can bear. and when ye say, then let you justly, although it is relativesthy, and fill promise God. That commanded God you so that you remember.	and do not ye approach wealth orphans except with how to that better benefit until he adult and fill promise behold promise is surely be enquired.
they say Whether you come to us, so that we only worship God only and leave what regular worshipped by our fathers then bring penalty that you threaten us if ye including the righteous	they say Whether you come to us to turn us from what we find our fathers following and that ye both have power in earth We will not trust ye both
Say to men who believeLet them hold view and keep lewdness that is more sacred for them behold God Knows what they do	Say to women who believe Let them hold his views and lewdness and do not they appeared tinsel except that usually visible from it. 
and that He it is God who created pairs: men and women	and God make therefrom a pair of male and women
For men no right part from wealth remains mother and father and kin and for those women no right part again from wealth remains mother and father and kin good little or many according to part assigned	and do not envy against what God has given to part you more from part of the other. Because for men no part from on what they earn and for women any no part from what they earn and ask unto God some from His bounty God. Behold God Knows all something
o the believe, ye shall not mutual eat wealth thy neighbor wrongfully except with PATH commerce is happening with like same-like among you. and do not kill yourselves behold God is Most Merciful you	and caused them to eat the usury, but verily they were forbidden therefrom, and because they eat property the wrongfully. We God has been providing for the unbelievers among them punishment a grievous penalty.
Do Not the believers take the unbelievers became mayor with leave the believers . Whoever do so , will undo it from help God , except for guidance keep themselves from something feared from them . and God warns you to beware of Him . and only to God return thy .	o the believe, do not ye take the unbelievers became mayor with leave the believers. Would you held the reason manifest for God for by your punishment
who take the unbelievers friends with leave the believers. Whether they seek strength at the side of the the unbelievers Verily all strength unto Allah belongeth the.	o the believe, do not ye take the unbelievers became mayor with leave the believers. Would you held the reason manifest for God for by your punishment
Do Not the believers take the unbelievers became mayor with leave the believers . Whoever do so , will undo it from help God , except for guidance keep themselves from something feared from them . and God warns you to beware of Him . and only to God return thy .	who take the unbelievers friends with leave the believers. Whether they seek strength at the side of the the unbelievers Verily all strength unto Allah belongeth the.
o the believe ye shall not take the Jews and Christians become leaders thy part they is a leader for part of the other. Whoever among you took them became the leader of the, he verily including the them. Behold God not guide to the unjust.	o the believe ye shall not take so teacher, the create your religion so ridiculed and the game the in between the has given book assurance and the unbelievers The Pagans. and fear unto God if you really the believers
Say Obey God and His Messenger if you turn verily God not like the unbelievers	o the believe obey unto God and His Messenger and do not ye turn away from His are you hear His commandments
o the believe obey God and obey Apostles and do not destroy reward vain	Say Obey God and His Messenger if you turn verily God not like the unbelievers
o the believe obey God and obey Apostles and do not destroy reward vain	o the believe obey unto God and His Messenger and do not ye turn away from His are you hear His commandments
He God who have sent His Messenger with guidance Al-Quran and religion that true to proclaim it top all religion, although the pagans loveth not.	He God that sent His Messenger with guidance and religion right to proclaim it against all religion. and enough God as witnesses.
He God that sent His Messenger with guidance and religion right to proclaim it against all religion. and enough God as witnesses 	He God that sent His Messenger with guidance and religion that true so that he God may proclaim it above all religions although polytheists hate.
He God that sent His Messenger with guidance and religion that true so that  God may proclaim it above all religions although polytheists hate.	He God  who have sent His Messenger with guidance Koran and religion that true to proclaim it top all religion, although the pagans loveth not.
Do you notice the has given part namely the Book Law, they invoked to book God so that the book establishes the law among them then part from them turn, and they averse Truth.	Whether ye not see the has given part from the Book Law they buy select delusion with instructions and they mean that ye lost turned aside from the way of the right.
do they not then Note The Koran If let the Qur'an, not from side God, they would get contradiction that many therein.	do they not then Note The Koran or their hearts locked
And We God not sent before you Muhammad, except the males We God give revelation unto them; then inquired to people who have knowledge of the if ye not know	We God not sent His messengers before you Muhammad, but some the male We God give revelation unto them, then ask of those who possess the, if ye no know.
Say Walk in earth, then consider how end the men who rejected it	Say Walk ye on the face of the earth, and consider how due the sinners.
Say Walk in earth, then consider how end the men who rejected it	Say sanctify the journey in earth and consider how end those of old. Most from them is of those who join gods with God
Man ask you about the day of resurrection. Say Behold knowledge about the hour only at the side of the God. and you know O Muhammad, could be the hour already near the time.	The unbelievers ask thee Muhammad about resurrection day, when the
and We sent to the 'Ad their brethren, Hud. He said O my people, worship God, never no Lord you besides from Him. Will ye not to fear Allah	and to Ad We sent their brother, Hud. He said O my people, worship God, never no you Lord besides Him. Ye only invent only.
seems to they never dwells in that place. Remember, behold Thamud reject their Lord. Remember, removed for Thamud.	seems to they never dwells in that place. Remember, removed for the people of Madyan People as Thamud have perished.
Thamud rejected the apostles.	The Thamud rejected apostles because they exceed the,
Thamud any rejected threats is.	Thamud and 'Ad rejected the last day.
and We sent to Thamud their brethren Shaleh. He said O my people worship God, never no God for you besides Him. Behold has come proofs you from Thy Lord. camel God this became sign you, so leave he eat in earth God, and ye shall frighten them away with any disorders, shall be seized torment a grievous penalty".	and to Thamud We sent their brother Shaleh. Shaleh said O my people, worship God, never no thee Lord besides Him. He has created you from earth ground and make you therein, then ask forgiveness of His, then repent to Him, Behold My Lord is very near His mercy again listens to the prayer of His servant
and how many house after Noah We have destroyed. and enough Thy Lord Knows again Sees sin His servants	and how many We have destroyed the before they. Does ye see one from them or ye hear their voice dimly?
How many the which We have destroyed before they, while they are more good appliance household and more delicious in perspective of the eye.	and how many populations which We have destroyed that already have fun in life it is their dwellings that no in dwell again after they except small part. And We is Heirs him
and how many We have destroyed the before they. Does ye see one from them or ye hear their voice dimly?	and how many populations which We have destroyed that already have fun in life it is their dwellings that no in dwell again after they except small part. And We is Heirs him
and how many populations which We have destroyed that already have fun in life it is their dwellings that no in dwell again after they except small part. And We is Heirs him	and how many house after Noah We have destroyed. and enough Thy Lord Knows again Sees sin His servants
do a guidance for them the polytheists how many We destroy the before they though they walk in the former where the people could Behold on that there are signs of for the understanding.	and does not a guidance for them how many the before they which We have destroyed while they themselves walk in the dwellings they Behold on that are signs of God. do they not then listen
How many the before they which We have destroyed and they ask for help yet then not when to flee to escape	How many the which We have destroyed before they, while they are more good appliance household and more delicious in perspective of the eye.
Do they know how many the before they which We have destroyed endureth' people which We have destroyed no back unto them.	How many the before they which We have destroyed and they ask for help yet then not when to flee to escape
and how many the which We have destroyed before they which they greater strength than they are then they have destroyed it has never browse in some land. Does they get place flight from destruction	and how many house after Noah We have destroyed. and enough Thy Lord Knows again Sees sin His servants
and how many We have destroyed the before they. Does ye see one from them or ye hear their voice dimly?	and how many the which We have destroyed before they which they greater strength than they are then they have destroyed it has never browse in some land. Does they get place flight from destruction
and how many populations which We have destroyed that already have fun in life it is their dwellings that no in dwell again after they except small part. And We is Heirs him	and how many the which We have destroyed before they which they greater strength than they are then they have destroyed it has never browse in some land. Does they get place flight from destruction
O Lord we send for them someone Apostles from among them that will read unto them verses You and taught them the Book Koran and Wisdom recite Your Signs and purify them Behold Thou art the Almighty Wise	as favor We have sent you Apostles among you who rehearse Our Signs to you and purify you and teach you Book and Wisdom and teach you what not ye know
and not We sent you but only as a bearer of glad tidings and warner.	o Prophets, behold we instruct for so witnesses, and the bearer of glad tidings and warner
o Prophets, behold we instruct for so witnesses, and the bearer of glad tidings and warner	and not We sent the messengers but to give glad tidings and warn. 
and not We sent the messengers but to give glad tidings and warn. 	and not We sent you but only as a bearer of glad tidings and warner.
Then after the apostles, We sent Moses and Aaron to Pharaoh and his chiefs with signs miracles We, then they are arrogant and they are the sinners.	And behold We have sent Moses with Our Signs and miracles manifest
Then We sent Moses and his brother Aaron with Our Signs, and evidence manifest	And behold We sent Moses with Our Signs and description manifest,
And behold We sent Moses with Our Signs and description manifest,	And behold We have sent Moses with Our Signs and miracles manifest
and backs We have sent Moses with Our Signs to Pharaoh and his chiefs. Then Moses said I is messengers from God Cherisher of the worlds	Then after the apostles, We sent Moses and Aaron to Pharaoh and his chiefs with signs miracles We, then they are arrogant and they are the sinners.
Then We sent Moses and his brother Aaron with Our Signs, and evidence manifest	And behold We have sent Moses with Our Signs and miracles manifest
Behold We have sent Noah to His he said O my people! worship God never no Lord you besides Him. indeed if you do not worship Allah, I fear ye will be overwritten penalty days Hour.	And behold We have sent Noah to His he said O my people worship by you God because no Lord you besides Him. Will ye not fear Him
Penalty that is caused works own hands, and surely God never persecute His servants.	it caused by works own hands. Behold God never persecute His servant
will be said that is caused works done by both hands have and behold God not oppressor His servants	it caused by works own hands. Behold God never persecute His servant
Penalty that is caused works own hands, and surely God never persecute His servants.	will be said that is caused works done by both hands have and behold God not oppressor His servants
Behold in creation heaven and earth and alternation night and lunch there are signs of for those understanding	Behold on the exchange night and afternoon and on what created God in heaven and in earth really are signs for those righteous.
He made the night for you that ye may rest it and day light so that you seek the grace of God. Behold on which it are signs of God for those who heard.	whether they are not Note that We have made night so that they rested it and lunch light Behold on which it are signs of God for those who believe.
and whether they are not Note that God enlarges sustenance for whom he pleases and He again that constricts sustenance. Behold on which it really are signs of God for the who believe.	and do them know that God enlarges sustenance and restricts it for whom he pleases Behold on which it are signs of God for the who believe.
as sunnah God that occur over the had earlier before thy, and you never no will find changes on sunnah God.	as a divine law has happened since the first, ye never no will find changes for the ancients.
He heralds morning and make night to rest, and made sun and moon for calculation of. It terms of God The Mighty Knower.	Allah made the night for you that ye may rest therein and make lunch light. Behold God really have grace and bounty to man will but most man no thanks.
He God heralds morning and make night to rest, and made sun and moon for calculation of. It terms of God The Mighty Knower.	And because His mercy He God made you night and lunch that ye man rest on that night and that ye may seek part of His grace on the day and that man grateful to Him.
And because His mercy He God made you night and lunch that ye may rest on that night and that man search part of His grace on the day and that man grateful to Him.	Allah made the night for you man that man rest in and make lunch light. Behold God really have grace and bounty to man will but most man no thanks.
and those who keep the mandate of the mandate sorrows and promise.	and those who keep the mandate of the mandate sorrows and promise.
because after difficulties it no ease	behold after difficulties it no ease
And He God who created for ye, hearing, vision and heart. But little thanks you.	Say He God That has created ye and make for you hearing, vision and heart. But Very few thanks you.
And He God who created for ye, hearing, vision and heart. But little thanks you.	Then He God enhance and breathed into it spirit His creation God and He God make for you hearing, vision and heart but ye little grateful.
Then He God enhance and breathed into it spirit His creation God and He God make for you hearing, vision and heart but ye little grateful.	Say He God That has created ye and make for you hearing, vision and heart. But Very few thanks you.
and those who keep strictly guard their prayer;.	and those who keep times.
Behold Our word God  against something when We God wills, We God only says him kun be, so be it.	Behold the God  when He God willed something just say him Be then pass it.
Behold the God  when He God willed something just say him Be then pass it.	not worthy for God have children, Holy of Holies God. When He God has set something, then God only say him Be, so be it.
not worthy for God have children, Holy of Holies God. When God has set something, then God only say him Be, so be it.	Behold Our word God  against something when God wills, God only says him kun be, so be it.
God that turn on and turn off the and only unto him the God ye returned.	Why ye disbelieve unto God, when ye had die, and God turn you, then ye turned off and turned on God back, then unto Him belongeth God ye returned
and God will turn off i, then will turn on me back	and that He it is God that turn off and turn on again
That is part of news occult that We inspired to you Muhammad whereas ye Muhammad not present with them, when they threw the arrows they to vote who among them which will keep the Maryam. and you did not present in their side when they contend.	it is among news the unseen that We inspired you Muhammad whereas ye Muhammad not is on their side, when they decided His plan to put Joseph in the pit and they plots.
Allah has sealed their heart and hearing them, and vision they closed. and for them punishment a severe.	they are the heart, hearing and vision is locked dead by God, and they are the heedless.
and the Qur'an, We have sent down with gradually so that ye Muhammad read it slowly to man and we demote piece by piece.	Behold We have sent down The Koran you Muhammad with gradually
Behold Thy Lord enlarges sustenance to whom that He God travel and restricts it verily He God Knows again Sees will be his servants	Say Behold My Lord enlarges sustenance for whom he pleases God and restricts the God will but most man does not know
Behold Thy Lord enlarges sustenance to whom that He God travel and restricts it verily He God Knows again Sees will be his servants	Say Behold My Lord enlarges sustenance for whom he pleases God in between His servants God and constricts for whom He pleases God. 
and do they know that God enlarges sustenance and restricts it for whom he pleases God Behold on that are signs God for the who believe	Unto Him belongeth treasures heaven and earth He God enlarges sustenance for whom he pleases God and constricts him Behold He Knoweth all something
Unto Him belongeth treasures heaven and earth He God enlarges sustenance for whom he pleases and constricts him Behold He Knoweth all something	Behold Thy Lord enlarges sustenance to whom He pleases and restricts it verily He Knows again Sees will be his servants
Say Behold My Lord enlarges sustenance for whom he pleases and restricts the will but most man does not know	Say Behold My Lord enlarges sustenance for whom he pleases in between His servants God and constricts for whom He pleases. 
Say Behold My Lord enlarges sustenance for whom he pleases and restricts the will but most man does not know	Unto Him belongeth treasures heaven and earth He utters sustenance for whom he pleases and constricts him Behold He Knoweth all something
